README.md, before:

dog_party

Hey all! This is my first project for Mod 1 of Turing School of Software and Design's Front End Engineering Program!

#Assigment Requirements#

Phase One: Basic Requirements

Step 1
	•	Start by building the HTML and using semantic tags to create a clean structure for your page. Work to craft your HTML according to the Turing HTML Style Guide

Step 2
	•	Style your site using CSS – aim to get it as visually close to the comp as possible. Work to craft your CSS according to the Turing CSS Style Guide

Step 3
	•	Create a README.md file (that's this!) that gives a brief overview of your project (don’t forget to make sure to include the comp as well as a screen grab of your finished site!)

Phase Two: More Better
	•	We won’t cover how to do these in class before this project ends – challenge yourself and investigate how to tackle these tasks. And remember: it is ok if you’re not sure how to do these so take a crack at it and experiment, we’ll go over this material together soon!

CSS
	•	Make your Dog Party site mobile. Experiment using your DevTools and media queries
	•	How could you handle the links in the nav bar? Maybe change them into a menu icon?
	•	How will you handle the columns? Will they still fit if they are in 3 columns?
	•	Make the What Is Dog buttons horizontally aligned no matter how much text is in each column.

Javascript
	•	Once you have the HTML structure built and styled using CSS, experiment with adding in interaction using Javascript: Build functionality to allow a user to type a dog name in the input field and then, when the user clicks the button, have that dog name replace the text Some Dogs in the main A Site About Some Dogs header and clear out the input field. For example: if I typed Fido into the input, when I click the button the main header of the page should change to read A Site About Fido.
	•	Work to craft your Javascript according to the Turing Javascript Style Guide

Enjoy my first project!

Jev

Commit message:

Add link to comp image in README

README.md, after:

dog_party

Hey all! This is my first project for Mod 1 of Turing School of Software and Design's Front End Engineering Program!

#Assigment Requirements

##Phase One: Basic Requirements

###Step 1
	•	Start by building the HTML and using semantic tags to create a clean structure for your page. Work to craft your HTML according to the Turing HTML Style Guide

###Step 2
	•	Style your site using CSS – aim to get it as visually close to the comp as possible. Work to craft your CSS according to the Turing CSS Style Guide

###Step 3
	•	Create a README.md file (that's this!) that gives a brief overview of your project (don’t forget to make sure to include the comp as well as a screen grab of your finished site!)

##Phase Two: More Better
	•	We won’t cover how to do these in class before this project ends – challenge yourself and investigate how to tackle these tasks. And remember: it is ok if you’re not sure how to do these so take a crack at it and experiment, we’ll go over this material together soon!

###CSS
	•	Make your Dog Party site mobile. Experiment using your DevTools and media queries
	•	How could you handle the links in the nav bar? Maybe change them into a menu icon?
	•	How will you handle the columns? Will they still fit if they are in 3 columns?
	•	Make the What Is Dog buttons horizontally aligned no matter how much text is in each column.

###Javascript
	•	Once you have the HTML structure built and styled using CSS, experiment with adding in interaction using Javascript: Build functionality to allow a user to type a dog name in the input field and then, when the user clicks the button, have that dog name replace the text Some Dogs in the main A Site About Some Dogs header and clear out the input field. For example: if I typed Fido into the input, when I click the button the main header of the page should change to read A Site About Fido.
	•	Work to craft your Javascript according to the Turing Javascript Style Guide

Link to the visuals of the comp here: "http://frontend.turing.io/assets/images/dog-party-js-edition.jpg"

Enjoy my first project!

Jev
